Why would she make calls out the blue Now I'm awake, sleepless in you Hey hey hey hey Don't say you will, unless you will Hey hey hey hey Don't say you will, then play you will, I pray you will Mrs. So Fly crash-lands in my room Can't waste no time, she might leave soon Hey hey hey hey Don't say you will, you do Hey hey hey hey Don't say you will, one day you will, I pray you will When I grab your neck, I touch your soul Take off your cool then lose control Hey hey hey hey Don't say you will, you will you will Hey hey hey hey Don't say you will, if you will, I pray you will I wish this song would really come true I admit I still fantasize about you, about you Hey hey hey hey Don't say you will, you will, you will Hey hey hey hey Please say you will, for real, I pray you will 
(4x) Youve got a search magnetic power That just keeps holding me down Ooh ooh ooh God did his thang must have snapped his fingers twice Definition of a life, reason why Im like Thats why I never hesitate to call you my wife Support you found in Christ Just aint find a church I like I know in order to see right, I need light Even if we fuss and fight its all good by the night I know its kinda hard I live like the flight I just want my kids kids to be aight And this corrupt world gave me a baby girl Make sure she need no man for them diamond and pearls Remember worst days we used to share But we go back like plastic caps with curls Too drunk to drive take over I gotta hurl Raise the window down thats the fresh to fresh air Tripping in the truck like That aint my hair! I want to fly to thank you just for being there cause You (4x) (4x)
I know what it's like to feel down little girl I hope someone lifts you up like the big guy who lifted me up I'm talkin about the big guy right here: Cleveland Brown Not long ago I was lower than Lohan No plan, a lost man, raisin' my little girl in a Cadillac Brougham My quest success, but my life was a mess Poor Kenny West, no zest, anti-depressed Not dressed to impress Matter fact more stressed Than John Mayer waiting on his AIDS test Then I met a man who taught me how to live large Took me out of my car Now I'm in his garage Turns out all I needed was some inspiration Like Mr. Miagi but a lot less Asian My game was timid now my flow much bolder Got a chubby brown angel on my shoulder, sayin' You know, it don't matter what you do Cause I'll always be there for you Be-Cleve in yourself, grow a mustache Be-Cleve in yourself, slap your wife's ass Be-Cleve in yourself, never smoke grass Be-Cleve in yourself, really pass gas Be-Cleve in yourself, Goochland! Goodnight!
Kanye, can I talk to you for a minute? Me and the other faculty members was wonderin' could you do a lil som... Somethin' beautiful, somethin' that the kids is gon' love when they hear it. Tha's gon make them start jumpin' up and down and sharin' candy an' stuff. Think you could probably do somethin' for the kids for graduation to sing?
"I'm not a hater... I don't hate Conway West. I was talking about an environment in which people were willing to say things that hurt. Nobody wants to be called a racist if in your heart you believe in equality of races."
Ain't nobody lookin' like you do Ain't nobody lookin' like you do Ain't nobody lookin' like you do Ain't nobody lookin' like you do
Oh oh oh oh, I'm good, so good Even better that I was the last time, baby (x3) Oh oh oh oh, I'm good, so good, so good It's your boy, Kanye to the And we back Feeling better than ever, huh? Yo John, can't complain, huh? Shit nigga, you got a deal on Def Jam Got Cons with me, we in the works Got my best friend GLC, the Knockout King Through the doctor's exact calculations He said, "Nigga, you almost bust the Final Destination." "Shit, you must have had a blessing from Pastor Mason" Cause that trip to L.A. could have been my last vacation, what? I mean, there's people at war right now We can't be sitting up here, complaining about the bills Complaining about whatever beef we may have We good, man We blessed
Yeah! Uh (Jesus, Jesus, talk to me) (Jesus, Jesus, walk with me) (Jesus, Jesus...) (Jesus, Jesus...) This song right here changed my life come on, come on! (Jesus walks) God showed me the way, now the devil cant break me down (Jesus walks with me) Between the girls and the jewelry The devil tryin lure me, it fury me (Jesus walks wit me) My pastor's shakin his head He aint sure of me, but surely (Jesus walks wit me) They asked, do you say your prayers at least two a week? I aint talking to God, I know what Ive been doin G Do you know how I be embarrassed? My prayers sound like Ben Stillers on Meet the Parents And I aint good, what they give us this day The slaves is trying to give us this free Im trying to give us this pay Man, you know how dem strippers was We was all ghetto fabulous All at the rooms in the Sybaris From this jacuzzi water, can you cleanse us? Can you please unfog my Cartier lenses? God sends signs sometimes only in glimpses For me I almost died, falling asleep in them Benzes Its something about this beat that get me tranquilized And when I play it at my shows I feel sanctified And He gives me direction when I cant decide He is alive How can you tell me that He ain't when I said (Jesus walks) God show me the way, now the devil can't break me down (Jesus walks with me) The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now (I want Jesus) And now I think there is something that I can say now that'll right my wrongs (Jesus walks with me) I finally talked to God, I ain't afraid cause His love is so strong Open your eyes, there's smoke in the skies The Beast is holdin' a lies Everywhere we move, motion denied Emotion derived from posters of pride Of African, cultures and tribes Who live when we suppose they die Laugh when we suppose they cry The pain we holding inside Cause all we really know is survive Use that to remember we're kings That's why we so addicted to diamonds and rings And cutless supremes Seen Diana Ross remember that my sisters is queens The Lord is coming -- for now, he visit in dreams For every mission it seems impossible Speak to the gospel to remind me what God can do When it's not logical To those in hospitals and prisons Low-income living For them I say a prayer keep giving Learning to receive My heart is burnin' to achieve Even when it's hard to breathe, I still believe that Before you take my name, take my fame While you at it take my shame Take my flaws, take my blame? Feel my dirt, conceal my hurt See my bruise, do this and you will walk in my shoes You wasn't there when I was in deep thought When I had two choice: kill him, or either leave New York But I'm a truth teller, that's why I say what I'm saying And the only thing the radio playing Is cause you be paying It ain't about who really hot no more Beasts will knock no more So who cares who flop no more? I realize that most labels pay you for lies And only law dudes can disguise That your favorite artist (shhh) I know you hear that (huh?) You wanna fear that? (what?) Your worst dream is that you was gonna hear that Icon to rap is like John the Baptist Prepared the way for what I came to say today They deceived us, having thinking Jesus Really didn't need us, when He loved the old days He loved them boys in the hallway up in Broadway Even those who be here for dope, every four days To the strippers in broad day up in Norway To the Detroit player gators in Marbres With me, it's not just bars of music I walk with God, I got the scars to prove it (Jesus walks) God show me the way, now the devil can't break me down (Jesus walks with me) The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now Everybody out there Just lift your hands right now Just say this with me Father, I thank you For forgiving me of everything I've ever done For Jesus walking with me For dying for me Raising for me And all my sins have been forgiven I'm a changed man I'm healed, I'm delivered, I'm rich And it's all because of Him Now walk with me Walk with me, walk, walk, walk with me Walk with me
Funk Flex Yeah, G-Unit You understand whats about to happen? Huh .. huh? (do you understand?) Nigga guess who's bizzack It's not Beanie Sieg' or Jay-Hov' 50 Cent y'all niggas should know Don't make me relapse Run up on your ass with the fo' You punk nigga I done told you before Fuck being in a cage, man that shits for the birds I do my dirt in the hood, but I live in the burbs When you talk be careful how you choose your words Cause I send niggas to put ya fuckin brains on the curb Am I my brother's keeper? Yes I am Nigga you know they gettin low you see that gun in my hand G-Unit, don't go fuckin with my soldiers, boy Get laid out, im'a say I told you boy See you rollin with 20 niggas, we rolling with 20 guns 16 hollows is loaded in every one I know you slow, so I do the math thats 320 shells flyin at your ass (ha) You spend a lot of time talkin about how you ball out When u get hit you gonna run and bleed till u fall down I guess you didn't think we was down to go all out One second, you was wrong You ain't on the shit we on My money getting long Now my team getting strong I'm gone Gone 50 Cent And I'm back to act up so strap up Funk Flex Kingpin style Ya heard me C'mon, c'mon Make me cut something Make me bust something C'mon, c'mon I want you to C'mon
Is this thing on? Oh, I thought they silenced us, Ye Power to the people We living in that 31st century, futuristic fly shit The penthouse is the projects and everybody flies private New watches; you know what time it is, watch us They cant stop us, the prophets, biatches! No one man should have all that power The clocks ticking, I just count the hours Stop tripping, Im tripping off the power (No one man should have all that power) Rumble, young man, rumble Life is a trip, so sometimes we gonna stumble You gotta go through pain in order to become you But once the world numbs you, youll feel like its only one you Now you got the power to do anything you want to Until you ask yourself, "Is this what its all come to?" Looking at life through sunglasses and a sunroof But do you have the power to get out from up under you Fuck all these labels, fuck what everybody wants from you They're trying to Axl Rose you, welcome to the jungle To be continued, we on that Norman Mailer shit In search of the truth even if it goes through Taylor Swift Tell her this Now when I walk in, everybody do the "Power" clap Fresh for the club, I just took a half an hour nap I seen people go crazy when the whole world in our lap My socket was out the plug, now its time to get the power back I seen people abuse power, use power, misuse and then lose power Power to the people at last, its a new hour Now we all aint going be American Idols But you can least grab a camera, shoot a viral, huh Take the power in your own hands Im a grown man, doing my grown dance I dont stop until I see the end, my vision clear, bitch Im on my Van Gogh, I dont hear shit Now everything Im rhyming on cause a Ramadan Been a don, praying for the families lost in the storm Bring our troops back from Iraq, keep our troops out of Iran So the next couple bars, Imma drop 'em in Islam They say as-salamu alaykum say wa alaikum assalam Thats no Oscar Mayer bacon, you should run and tell your mom Now the question is, how we going stop the next Vietnam Keep Flex out of Korea, cause you know he drop bombs Showtime Hey, yo, Yeezy Stop playing with these people, man They want see you act all crazy in this motherfucker, man Take that jacket off and go crazy on them niggas, man You know what Im talking about What do it mean to be the boss It mean second place is the first one who lost The crucifixion, the being nailed to the cross Truth or fiction, its a hell of a cost, do the dishes Im about to hit that Jeff Gordon Michael Jordan, the only one more important But I be feeling like Jordan when Im recording Cause every time I record, I dunk and slap the boards I dont know what these rappers gonna do afterwards Prolly spaz like I might do at the awards Huh, I got the whole crowd going crazy Homie, I should be rewarded Gettin' money, Yeezy, Yeezy, how you do it, huh Eating Wheaties, drinkin' Fiji, being greedy, huh Dont even think you can allude to the rumors Im immune to the boos, Ima prove to you losers Its all in time, my nigga See, I dreamed my whole life that I could rhyme with Jigga Now Jay my big brother and B my lil sister And excuse me, but you cant see my lil sister Number one sound across the board, hey Number one now and forevermore, hey Number one rule is niggas dont hate Maybe Ill drop the album, nah, all yall gotta wait And on the net, they showing pictures of my Cali place My Maybach in NY, but it still got the Cali plates All my old girls know that Im the one that got away I think about at Christmas and play some Donny Hathaway And keep my bulletproof hater coat on Looking at some photos that Im looking crazy dope on Hand up, talking shit, yeah, I get my Pope on And go home with something to poke on Thats what Dre said, but this what Ye said How Ye doing? Who Ye screwin? Thats for my dick to know, before you get to know him She aint give you ass, that pussy fictional I gotta give her the eviction note Tis, get yo ass out, bitch, vamonos Five seconds to the song and we getting close I got the power, motherfucker, if you didnt know Chill, chill, chill, chill, man Chill, Ye, chill Shits burned up already Its over
Uhh.. uhh Good morning! Wake up Mr. West, Mr. West Mr. Fresh, Mister, by himelf he's so impressed I mean damn, did you even see the test? You got D's, muthafucka D's, Rosie Perez And yer ass barely passed any and every class Looking at every ass, cheated on every test I guess, this is my dissertation Homie this shit is basic, welcome to Graduation Good morning! (x4) Good morning, on this day we become legendary Everything we dreamed of I'm like the fly Malcolm X, buy any jeans necessary Detroit Red cleaned up From the streets to the league, from a eighth to a ki' But you graduate when you make it up outta the streets From the moments of pain, look how far we done came Haters saying you changed, now you doing your thang Good morning, look at the valedictorian Scared of the future while I hop in the DeLorean Scared to face the world, complacent career student Some people graduate, but be still stupid They tell you read this, eat this, don't look around Just peep this, preachers, teach us, Jesus Okay look up now, they done stoled yo' streetness After all of that you received this x5 Good morning! (Hustlers that's if you're still living, get on down) Every time that we hear them, good morning!
Heavy hitters fo' life, heavy hitters fo' life You rappers think I give a fuck about the way that they spit Wanna be on my album but don't want me on they shit Everybody thought I was makin' a compilation I was really makin' myself, they competition Fresh off the plane from the All-Star game Bone Thugs on TV so it's All-Star trains Just picture man, no snitchin' man Somethin' for the fiends fresh out the kitchen man Last 9/11 I was poor on the ave 'Til I pluraled my math Now it's Porsche 911 and I'm floorin' the gas Gotta lotta problems, money's one that I not have no more Uh, well Dame look at how everybody changed Tell Jay that I'm 'bout to change the game Tell B.I.G. that we about to get paid All my niggas about to have it made This makes everything else sound played Goddamn Kanye (Kanye) Kanye! Now hold up Ain't nobody messin' with me dog Now you say it (ain't nobody messin' with you at all) I told dude "You can't even rap on my interlude" Now does that make me as rude as Jude? (When the album comin' out?) Man the peoples is askin' Y'all don't model Adidas, just stick with the fashion Y'all already got do' so just spit for the passion The way ya rhyme give me Tribe Called Quest flashbacks And let's not even bring up the tracks man Nope, nope, let's not do that man You eatin' up the game like Pac-Man He got the whole world shakin' just like crack fiends Heavy hitters fo' life, Roc-a-Fella is fo' life Throw your diamonds up, throw your diamonds up Throw your diamonds Let the beat ride out for a minute Let's take it there, take it there man It's not supposed to be ??? ??? (GLC where you at homie?) How many niggas you know put their life on the line and get signed Did a few high crimes, almost got lifetime After the sunshine you thinkin' it might count How could I mic out, just look at my account I used to work at the mall with nothin' at all Seein' niggas that ball, that shit was depressin' Keep my clothes in the cleaners, I hate with the pressin' When I copied hounds it was my best investment Dre got shot and it taught me a lesson I'm stickin' niggas up and them rubbery masses Mash like Batman minus the tight pants Would hit your baby momma but her elbows is ashy Fo' different blues, man your outfit is clashin' You ain't got no muscles dude you weakling bastard Man look at your haircut Mm hmm, mm hmm, NAW, your hair sucks How many niggas you know is really heavy hitters '87 go getters, two hoes like John Ritter Even did it on his crime picture and ye And offers to sell and yell, uh Heavy hitters fo' life, Roc-a-Fella is fo' life Throw your diamonds up, throw your diamonds up Throw your diamonds
Jimmy Kimmel: My guest tonight is a 21-time Grammy award winning performer, who last month threatened his very existence by threatening one of America's most beloved television personalities. We had a big dumb fight on Twitter, but he was nice enough to agree to come and talk about it tonight. Please welcome Kanye West! JK: How are you? Kanye West: I'm okay. JK: I'm very happy that you came. I'm glad you did, and I wanted to clear this up. I really felt bad about all this stuff. I did. KW: Mm-hmm. JK: I guess the first question I should ask is, who are you wearing? KW: It's Ralph. JK: Kramden? Lauren? JK: Is that a new grill you have there? KW: Nah they've been in my mouth for three years. JK: That one on the bottom? OK well it's good to see you. KW: Good seeing you too. JK: I guess we should talk about what happened, because I do think that somewhere in you, you want people to understand where youre coming from is that true? KW: Yeah, correct. JK: So we did a sketch on the show where we had - you did an interview with the BBC Radio and it was an intense interview - and Ill be honest with you, I only saw a couple of little parts of the interview when we did this sketch. KW: Yeah, thats what I thought. JK: In fairness, there was context to it and we took it out of context. And we had a couple of little kids reenact it. Which I didnt think would be something that bothered you. Do you mind if we show a little clip of it? Little Kanye: I've reached a point in my life where my Truman Show boat has hit the painting. I'm not trying to regurgitate myself. I'm a product person: not just clothing, but water bottle design, architecture, anything you could think about! Brought the leather jogging pants 6 years ago to Fendi, and they said no! How many motherfuckers have you done seen with leather jogging pants?! JK: I'm gonna tell you something, the truth is the main reason I did that is because I like to see kids curse. I think its funny. (*Kanye laughs*) And I think that some people read into it differently that we were positioning you as a child, but thats not true. In fact, weve done this to other people, with Lady Gaga, with quite a few people that we've had kids say what they said and reenact them. Of course this is not something you knew. And this is not something that people who just watched it online or whatever knew. And you called me. A lot of people think this is some kind of publicity stunt that you and I cooked up. But this isn't, right? KW: I mean everyone out there in TV world, real world, whatever world you stay in, needs to know that Ive never done a publicity stunt in my life. Any time I went up and spoke my mind, whether it put my career in jeopardy or whatever someone so called said, it was always what I thought was the truth. Whether I'm like reading from through a teleprompter or whatever I felt emotionally. I don't follow like rules of normal celebrity or what their publicist tells them to say. So I dont do publicity stunts, period. So dont ever think that. JK: Me neither guys. (Laughter) So we talked on the phone, and I didnt really know why you were calling. I heard you were upset. But I didn't know the context, and we had a bad conversation, right? KW: Yeah, I knew you before. And I saw you at a wedding and I remember you telling me, I want people to know this side of you and different things like this and I saw this good guy at the wedding. So when I saw the skit - which I didn't watch all the way through because I didn't want to be infuriated - I was like I know you. So it was a combination of me knowing you, but also me NOT knowing the person who put a bad headline on the cover of In Touch. And me not knowing this person. So I was like this is the one person I know. So I can go and let out everything that I feel about every single bogus weekly cover, every skit, every single rumor in barber shops, everything that people feel is ok to treat celebrities like zoo animals or act like what they're saying is not serious, or their life is not serious or their dreams are not serious. And you know, it kinda just went and elevated from a call that we just had as men that elevates sometimes, you take a guy, Jimmy does his thing. And I do my thing and at a certain point these egos can flare up and we kind of just took it back to high school for a minute. JK: And I got beat up a lot in high school, So I didn't wanna go back to high school. JK: And this is something that to be honest with everyone, this is something that when you're with another celebrity we complain about. This zoo animal, it's a perfect thing, because people online they just want you to click through so they'll put whatever they can put as a headline to get you to click through and it can be damaging and I think people look at you and they go, "this is a guy whos got millions of dollars, he's got a beautiful wife and a new baby, we cant possibly hurt this guy." And to be honest, even though Im in that same position too - I don't have a baby - its not something that comes to my mind when Im cooking up a comedy sketch. And some of these things are hurtful, and the truth is important. And it's... but on the other hand, I will say a lot of times you I think you bring it on yourself, this kind of misunderstanding about you. I personally found it odd to be in the position that I was in because I often I dont know if you know this, a lot of people think youre a jerk. And I often, in my own personal conversations, say, no, I know this guy, he is not a jerk. In fact I think we have a picture which I happened to see on my Dad's iPad at the wedding and it's you and my Dad - who you may have though was Wolf Blitzer in fairness - but I mean to go to a wedding of a friend of mine and you took a Southwest Airlines flight to that wedding just to make it for this guy who was just a coworker and then to be so nice to everyone there, that tells me a lot about you. Everyone's nice to me when they meet me because they know I have a talk show and almost everyone's on their best behavior. But what I observe is how celebrities behave around other people - how they treat our staff and how they treat in this case my family, and Ive always said that to people about you. And I think that's important for... I know part of you doesnt care, I see you onstage saying, "I dont want to hold your baby, Ill drop your baby on its head" you know I dont believe any of that stuff when you say it. KW: Im not running for office, Im just here to make good music, make people feel good when they hear my music. And you know when I did that interview, I was really vocal about a lot of things that I've been dealing with over the past 10 years, when I was put in the classification of just a celebrity. Because you know for me, Im a creative genius and theres no other way to word it. I know youre not supposed to say that about yourself, and I say things the wrong way a lot of times but my intention is always positive and I wanna bring more things to the world, I want to help the world. I want to make peoples lives easier. I spent 2 of my checks in telemarketing when I was 18 years old on a pair of Gucci slippers, and this is before there was H&M and Zara, you couldnt just find cool stuff when you were growing up. And for me, I care about cool stuff. It means something to me, it means stuff to a lot of people that are like me, and thats what I was talking about on the Zane interview. So when I come on here, I can laugh and I can joke, and I can see a skit and we can say, ok we love Kanye or we think his baby is cute or whatever, but for me, its bigger than who I am and my presence, living. Its about when I was on Earth what did I do to help? And at what point did I hit a glass ceiling where people said youre a celebrity so you cant help in this box, you cant help in this box. But I talked to Quincy Jones at John Legends wedding, and you do music, you can do anything. Once you learn how to produce, youre a producer, you understand textures and colors. I have an art background even before I was a musician. People told me I couldnt rap. People had all this advice for me about how I shouldn't try to rap. And I wouldnt even say Im a rapper, Im more of a messenger than a rapper. So even when you say rap beef it sort of undermines it, and keeps re-contexting what I said. Whereas if you look at the Zane interview, its really something extremely fearless for someone in my position to do. Because most people just like bow down to TV or bow down to these cameras. Like I could care less about any of these cameras, all I care about is my family, I care about protecting my girl, protecting my baby, and protecting my ideas and my dreams. And ya know that's the reason why I went so crazy. JK: I wanna go back to one thing you said which is when you say youre a genius that upsets people, but the truth is a lot people think theyre geniuses, and nobody says it because its weird to say it, but it is most certainly more honest to say "I am a genius" KW: Im totally weird, and Im totally honest, and Im totally inappropriate sometimes. And the thing is for me to say I wasnt a genius, I would just be lying to you and to myself. JK: That's true, its false humility. KW: Oh my god. It comes with your first ticket to LA, soon as you get off the plane, heres your false humility. Maybe if keep up with this act long enough and go with this agency they'll give you a star on the Walk of Fame one day for kissing everybody's ass. But it's like that's not what we're doing. By the way, I want to shoutout the Walk of Fame, because they said something like theyre not gonna put my girl on the Walk of Fame because shes a reality star. It's like people are so so dated and not modern. Theres no way a Kim Kardashian shouldnt have a star on the Walk of Fame. Its ridiculous old concepts. And you know for me, Im just gonna give yall the truth. Its like my grandfather loved Ali until he died, and my grandmother hated Ali til she passed. So youre gonna love me or youre gonna hate me, but Im gonna be me. JK: Alright, Kanye West is here, more with Kanye when we come back. Announcer: The best tweets of Kanye West. Josh Groban: Can we please toast to the motherfuckin' douchebags tonight? Do you know where to find marble conference tables? Looking to have a conference... not until I get the table though. At most his tweets are 140 characters, but the depth of his passion is immeasurable. Fur pillows are hard to actually sleep on. Man... what ever happened to my antique fish tank? Announcer: You'll get all of your favorites Josh Groban: Classical music is tight yo. I make awesome decisions in bike stores. French fries are the devil. Black is the new black. Announcer: And many many more. Josh Groban's the best tweets of Kanye West includes 752 original songs on 48 CDs. Josh Groban: I love me!!!!!!!!!!!!! Announcer: In stores now.
My raps is better than yours My plaques is better than yours My tracks is better than yours You can have one but I have to charge We can start with the hits on my arm I already got the bomb Now all I need is my first LP to go gold Then I will have the qualm uh-uh uh-uh uh-uh I'm Kon the Louis Vuitton Don Bought my Mom a purse now she Louis Vuitton Mom Still might throw on a little low arm they want me to stop go on gon They don't want me to shop and me spending that hard Oh my God is that a black card I turned around and replied why yes But I prefer the term African American Express La La La La La Off MTV La La La La La When you gonna go out with Me Brains Power and Muscle like Dame Puffy and Russell Your boy back on his hustle don't know you don't discuss you Every rapper want to know when they can get to work Every stylist want to know where they can get the shirts Everybody ripping my style like the shit that hurts But they don't give me my credit that's the shit that hurts There's something I might say There's something I might play A beat I might made might make they life change And save they whole deal They wrist is on chill They house is on hill You could be Lauryn Hill See y'all write songs to keep the lights on I'mma go in Def Jam and turn the brights on Man I'm just sayin When I wanted to rap y'all thought I was just playin Now y'all just prayin You was a vic in high school now you a thug Better step in the name of love Before you giving pain a hug Needing dope is like pain to drugs Or aiming slugs til the game unplugged Like a scoreboard with vice and warlords Hot merchandise prices they want more for it You was pink as ice single need to think it twice Over the bitch and you came out like freaks in the night Freed your mind at a cheaper price on the street trying to seek advice I'm on point like I speak to dice Took the underground at a steeper heights May real niggas see the light got fat girls eating right Ha ha we in this bitch It's Common and Kanye y'all niggas know what time it is Chi-Town motherfuckers DJ Ferris Heavy Hitters What Up? Mike Love What Up? DJ Enuff Foreal(Pharrell) That's my favorite producer by the way That's why I had to rap on this Cuz His tracks is Better Than Yours My tracks is Better Than Yours Just Blaze tracks is Better Than Yours You can have one but we all gonna Charrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgeaaawwwww Plain Pat What Up? Big John What Up? John Mnop What Up? Don. C What Up? J.B. What Up? GLC What Up? Bang What Up? Yeah Really Doe What Up? Arrowstar What Up? Yeah! Oh did I mention the new head of my management Benny Madina Yo G, Hop we taxin these niggas right now Plain Pat What Up? That's all
Oh, whoa ho ho! I knew I was gon' see you again! Knew I was gon' see you again! Where your goddamn book bag at? Always carryin' that lil' book bag, nobody wants to see that! Goddamn 4th grader, sit your ass down! He wanna play it again like he got somethin' else to do You ain't got somethin' else to do! You ain't doin' nothin' wit' your life, nothin' wit' your life! You think this is? You better look at me when I'm talkin' to you! You think this shit easy, don't you? You think this is promised! Well ain't nothin' promised to you! Look at my face, do I got a promised face? Does it look like I promised you anything? Kanye, nigga-is you snorin' in my class? Wake up Mr. West!
Yo it's your boy, super pro-huhum, I mean super RAPPER Kanye West I want to shout out all my Heavy Hitters. Yo, G & Hop what up? Was it because of the Roc That she wanna rock with West? Because after the Blueprint I got lots of checks She don't play X-Box but got a box of X That make her tongue move faster than Das EFX Uh, white Benz, dyke twins I ain't gon' lie they only fives but together they tens And would I do them again? Hummm, it's like old folks pissin' cause it all Depends And there's no coke sniffin', just juice and gin Grey Goose will get you loose then hit the nigga producin' The track that got you movin' I never hit a lady but my game might abuse them Buyin' boots just to tell 'em that I Jimmy choose 'em And take 'em back to confuse 'em See she don't know if she's comin' or goin' Cause mommy after I'm cummin' I'm goin' Back to the show Just frontin' and flowin' Jewelry stuntin' and glowin' It's like somethin' outta nowhere Yeah, and I've been known to have a ho or two Cause my diamond's yellow like a smoker tooth I tell 'em, "Step into the vocal booth" Roll a joint, smoke a few After that I'm pokin' you After that it's over boo Baby grab your coat and peeeeuuuun She said, "I love you K." "I know you do. If I was you I'd love me too." Yoooooooou Not used to what I got to offer Please get up off me baby, you can't boss me I wish I would let her dictate All she can tell me is how the dick taste How she gonna tell K about L.A.? When I got three hoes that stay in Marina Del Ray Well paid, they don't park it, just valet Waist small like the Motorola Cingular cell-y Voice high like Mich'elle I step back like, "Hi Save draft You ever ran for Miss L.A.?" Cause you holdin' down the city officia-lly Next time you fuckin' your man, just yell, "K"
You might think youve peeped the scene You havent, the real ones far too mean The watered down one, the one you know Was made up centuries ago They made it sound all wack and corny Yes, its awful, blasted boring Twisted fictions, sick addictions Well, gather round children, zip it, listen: Can we get much higher? So high Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh I fantasized 'bout this back in Chicago Mercy, mercy me, that Murcielago That's me, the first year that I blow How you say broke in Spanish? Me no hablo Me drown sorrow in that Diablo Me found bravery in my bravado DJ's need to listen to the models "You ain't got no fuckin' Yeezy in your Serato?" (You ain't got no Yeezy, nigga?) Stupid, but what the hell do I know? I'm just a Chi-town nigga with a Nas flow And my chick in that new Phoebe Philo So much head, I woke up in Sleepy Hollow Look like a fat booty Celine Dion Sex is on fire, I'm the King of Leon-a Lewis Beyond the truest, hey, teacher, teacher Tell me how do you respond to students? And refresh the page and restart the memory? Respark the soul and rebuild the energy? We stopped the ignorance, we killed the enemies Sorry for the night demons still visit me The plan was to drink until the pain over But what's worse, the pain or the hangover? Fresh air, rollin' down the window Too many Urkels on your team, that's why your wins low Don't make me pull the toys out, huh Don't make me pull the toys And fire up the engines, huh And then they make noise At the mall, there was a seance Just kids, no parents Then the sky filled with herons (I saw the devil) in a Chrysler LeBaron And the hell, it wouldn't spare us And the fires did declare us But after that, took pills, kissed an heiress And woke up back in Paris 
Every rapper who grew up in the Nineties owes something to 2Pac. People either try to emulate him in some way, or they go in a different direction because they didn't like what he did. But whatever you think of him, he definitely developed his own style: He didn't sound like anyone who came before him. My favorite 2Pac album is The Don Killuminati. It was recorded after he was shot and spent time in prison. It was like a doctor told him he was going to die, and he was trying to get it all down on paper. That's something the average rapper just could not do: build an entire album around that concept, and stay in that negative space. Everybody knows that they're going to die. But after you're in a life-threatening situation, you think about it a little more. 2Pac's aggressive records are my favorite. "Hail Mary" is just perfect: "Picture paragraphs unloaded/Wise words being quoted." Most artists now just aren't smart enough to write that, or honest enough to write a line like, "I ain't a killer but don't push me." These days rappers will just tell you, "I'll kill you." 2Pac was like a camera. It's incredible how much he wrote how much he documented. To me, 'Pac was more of a poet than a rapper. You can always tell when you're hearing 2Pac verse. He wrote those lyrics without any music. Notorious B.I.G. was more melody-driven I'm sure he wrote his shit without a pen, and over the music but 'Pac was just hashing out his life. The thing was, he was doing that when the public eye was on him, and everything he was hashing out just expanded, and that's when things got out of control. All of us on the East Coast loved 2Pac. The music was all that mattered. That East Coast/West Coast feud was just personal beef. Now that he's not here, he's bigger than ever. I can still listen to two or three 2Pac CDs straight. Sometimes I put on 2Pac's best songs, followed by Biggie's best songs. Then I get ready to go into my next project. Laurence Fishburne told me once that he didn't like 2Pac. He told me it was because 2Pac was so much smarter than everyone around him. He said he didn't like the way 2Pac behaved because he knew that 2Pac knew better. I understood what he meant. But I still gave him a look like he was bugging.
The problem I have with the paparazzi is if theyre right in front of you and youre like, Can you please not take a picture of me? And theyre like, Dude Im not really taking a picture, and they just keep on doing it like theyre talking to me like Im stupid and stuff, and then, with arm sprints, Im going to grab the camera, that just happens, and you dont expect that to happen with a celebrity, cause you think theyre like a museum animal and stuff, but its like, dont shoot the animals, then, maybe, I dont know. Whats interesting, though, the problem is that once you do something like that, the words out. And these guys know that a shot of you losing your temper is worth ten times more then a shot of you remaining calm. So its kind of a no-win situation a little bit. Well except for the fact that Im going to do something about it. You know, Im going to make a change. I think its my responsibility. My mom, she got arrested for being in the sit-ins at age 6. My grandfather drove the first car at the marches leaving out of Oklahoma. My father was an activist, so I think they just like, messed with the wrong celebrity just now. Right. Okay so youre letting them know, leave me alone.
So many people get caught up in trying to remake their first album and it's impossible for me to make another College Dropout, but I could make the best Graduation and best 808's that I could make. And that's how you, I think, keep advancing as an artist. So few, you know, Hip Hop artists have ever advanced: their songs on their seventh, eight album sound exactly like the songs of their first album. More than a artist, I'm a real person and real people grow and I wanna just sing my growth I got the right to put up a fight But not quite cause you cut off my lights But my sight is better tonight And I might see you in my nightmare But how'd you'd get there Cause we were once a fairy tale But this is farewell I got my life and it's my only one I got the night, I'm running from the sun So good night, I'm headed out the door.. After tonight, there will be no return After tonight, I'm taking off on the road I'm taking off on the road And that you know That you know Tell everybody that you know That I don't love you no more And that's one thing that you know That you know Okay, I'm back up on my grind You do you and I'm just gon' do mine You do you and I'm just gon' be fine Okay, I got you out my mind And the night is young, the drinks is cold The stars is out, I'm ready to go You always thought I was always wrong Well, now you know Tell everybody, everybody that you know Tell everybody that you know That I don't love you no more And that's one thing that you know That you know That you know, ohhh
Paparazzo: Hey, good morning, Kanye Kanye: Shut the fuck up Paparazzo: Hey, Kanye, are you mad at Jim Kimmel? Got anything to say about Jim Kimmel, Kanye? Do you think he was too much with you? Kanye: Yo, did you just..? Paparazzo: Are you mad at Jim Kimmel? Paparazzo: Hows it going, Kanye? Kanye: Dont say anything to me, man. Like, stop asking me questions. You out in front of my house at 4 AM, talking about, Hows it going? Its not going good, yall here trying to take money--to take make money off of it. Thats how its going. Its 4 AM and you asking me how its going. You know I dont want you to say nothing to me. You hear what Im saying? Respect that Paparazzo: Relax, man Kanye: What you mean, relax?! Paparazzo: We dont want to fight. Were in the street Kanye: I'mma change all this Paparazzo: Come on, Kanye. You know we like you Kanye: Shut the fuck up. Its 4 AM, you blood sucking mosquito Paparazzo: You left the bag right there, Kanye Kanye: You want me to be standing outside your house at 4 AM? Paparazzo: We just want you to know that were here to support you-- Kanye: Shut the fuck up! You doing that to get more money for TMZ, every question you ask me Paparazzo: No, were just here to support you-- Kanye: SHUT THE FUCK UP! You bully! You mosquito bully! Pick a profession with some type of respect to it 
Human beings in a mob What's a mob to a king? What's a king to a God? What's a God to a non-believer who don't believe in anything? Will he make it out alive? Alright, alright, no church in the wild Tears on the mausoleum floor Blood stains the Colosseum doors Lies on the lips of a priest Thanksgiving disguised as a feast Rolling in Rolls Royce Corniche Only the doctors got this, Im hiding from police Cocaine seats, all white like I got the whole thing bleached Drug dealer chic, Im wondering if a thugs prayers reach Is Pious pious cause God loves pious? Socrates asked whose bias do y'all seek? All for Plato, screech Im out here balling, I know y'all hear my sneaks Jesus was a carpenter, Yeezy he laid beats Hova flow the Holy Ghost, get the hell up out your seats, preach I live by you, desire I stand by you, walk through the fire Your love is my scripture Let me into your encryption Coke on her black skin Made a stripe like a zebra, I call that jungle fever You will not control the threesome Just roll the weed up until I get me some We formed a new religion No sins as long as theres permission And deception is the only felony So never fuck nobody without telling me Sunglasses and Advil, last night was mad real Sun coming up, 5 a.m., I wonder if they got cabs still? Thinking 'bout the girl in all leopard Who was rubbing the wood like Kiki Shepherd Two tattoos: one read "No Apologies" The other said "Love is Cursed by Monogamy" Its something that the pastor dont preach Its something that a teacher cant teach When we die the money we cant keep But we probably spend it all cause the pain aint cheap: preach 
Yeezy season approachin' Fuck whatever y'all been hearin' Fuck what, fuck whatever y'all been wearin' A monster about to come alive again Soon as I pull up and park the Benz We get this bitch shaking like Parkinsons Take my number and lock it in Indian hair, no moccasins It's too many hoes in this house of sin Real nigga back in the house again Black Timbs all on your couch again Black dick all in your spouse again And I know she like chocolate men She got more niggas off than Cochran, hah! On sight, on sight How much do I not give a fuck? Let me show you right now 'fore you give it up How much do I not give a fuck? Let me show you right now 'fore you give it up He'll give us what we need It may not be what we want Baby girl tryna get a nut And her girl tryna give it up Chopped 'em both down Don't judge 'em, Joe Brown One last announcement No sports bra, let's keep it bouncin' Everybody wanna live at the top of the mountain Took her to the 'Bleau, she tried to sip the fountain That when David Grutman kicked her out But I got her back in and put my dick in her mouth Uh-huh Uh-huh Uh-huh Uh-huh Right now I need right now
Zane Lowe: Grab a seat, grab a seat. So, you remember this place? Graduation? I was also thinking about some of the other things we've done as well with the BBC, like Abbey Road sprung to mind with the strings. Kanye West: Oh yeah. That was good. That suit was like, I would've worn something different if I could look back right now. I could still do a suit, I just wouldn't have done that exact lapel situation. ZL: But talk about really putting yourself on the line with that. That was so early on for you to be stepping in a room with that many players and to give yourself that objective. What are your thoughts when you think back about Abbey Road, where...it's just nuts. KW: I thought it was good. I thought it was what I was supposed to do at that time. If I see something, if I see an opportunity, I'm gonna go for it. We're all gonna die one day. ZL: Yeah, that's true. KW: So live like that. Live like you could die tomorrow. Go for it. Those steps have been the platforms that allowed me to make it this far. ZL: And you have, man, and you're here. Six original albums of your own, a Throne record, various records with G.O.O.D. Music to talk about. But seriously, man, Yeezus. Bravo, dude. I mean, that is one of the most creative records of any genre I've heard in a very, very long time, and just in terms of your output, your most exciting-sounding record, I think. KW: Oh, thank you very much. Yeah, I feel I was able to start making exactly what was in my mind again, not having to speak with the textures of the time. Cause, you know, Cruel Summer is definitely Kanye West, and there's something weird and kind of off about "Mercy," like when it has the high-pitched (impersonates noise), that type of sound. It sounds like art still a little bit, even thought it obviously was a radio smash. But when I get into the idea, the trap drums and things like that, certain songs that are blatant radio hits, it's like I'm speaking with today's textures. If you look at it 200 years from now, it's not going to stand out in the way that 808s or Yeezus stands out, and can completely push or redefine or make people say, hey, I completely hate that, or I completely love that, but let me just think differently. Because everybody is bound to these -- no pun intended -- they're bound to sixteen bars or eight bars, and the normal radio thing. I was talking to Frank Ocean about this, and said, my mom got arrested for the sit-ins, and now we're more like the sit-outs. Like, sit off of radio, and say, hey radio, come to us. We need to find something new, because it's being controlled in a way, and manufactured in a way, that really awesome artists can make amazing music and not break as far past as, like, something that's very formulaic. ZL: So it almost feels like a duty to you in a weird way? Having the peoples' ear, having peoples' attention for great music, to be able to say, well, if I'm not challenging them enough, I'm not challenging myself, not challenging radio, what am I doing? KW: Yeah. I'm not trying to regurgitate myself. I showed people that I understand how to make perfect. Dark Fantasy could be considered to be perfect. I know how to make perfect. But that's not what I'm here to do. I'm here to crack the pavement and make new grounds, sonically and society, culturally. ZL: You've done that with Yeezus. It's fascinating for us to sit here and talk about this record now, because normally when I talk to artists about records of this nature, it's in the lead-up to something. So we're all kind of playing a guessing game, you know what I mean? You could tell me what you think of the record, but I'm trying to find my way around it, the audience probably won't have heard it. In this case, it's been out for a minute, so we can reflect on it with the benefit of hindsight, too. You've seen what everyone else has had to say about this record, both good and bad. But I'm fascinated to know, today, how you would describe Yeezus, as someone who made it. How you would describe that record. KW: I just think that I'm a production person, I'm a product guy, I'm a producer. So if I'm working on a John Legend album, I'm gonna try to give John Legend the best home for him to stay in. And I'm gonna try to push Pusha T -- no pun intended once again, this keeps happening to me -- to make the thing that represents what I like about his music the most. And then for me as Kanye West, I gotta fuck shit up. ZL: And you did, dude, seriously. From the minute it starts. I mean, seriously. (Plays opening to "On Sight"). It's disgusting. So you're up in the loft probably at this point, and you're kicking around ideas, and you're putting things together, and this sound comes into your head, and you're like, this is what I'm looking for? KW: Nah. This is me going to the studio with Thomas and Guy-Manuel, who's Daft Punk. They had a synthesizer the size of that wall right there. This is just one session right here. This beat was originally like 14 minutes long, and that part in the beginning was something we completely just distorted, and I ended up making that the intro. ZL: You know, I got a beef with you over this track. It's too short! I wanted more out of it. Cause it's one of the best beats on the record for me, and it feels like you're just getting warmed up. Was that kind of deliberate, to pull back after only a couple of verses and go, you know what, we're going to get on with the album now? KW: Nah, it's just what I felt, like it should be. ZL: Just a dance thing. KW: And you know, originally "Blood on the Leaves" was supposed to be first. ZL: Wow. KW: Which, psychologically, I know would have changed certain Yeezus naysayers about the album. It wasn't that time for me. I didn't want to come up there and perform. A lot of times, music can be presented as a service position. But I wanted to take a more aggressive approach with music. You know, people go on a vacation and say, you got the drugs, you got the music, you got the wine? It's in that territory. But I wanted to speak up and say, okay, so my voice is only compressed to express myself artistically through music. It's the only place where I actually have a deal, so I can only consistently make things in music. So I'm gonna take music and I'm gonna try to make it three-dimensional, like on Star Wars and the hologram'll pop up out of R2D2. I'm gonna try to make something that jumps up and affects you, in a good or bad way. Whether it's, I'm going into a scream in the middle of the track because that's just the way I feel. But I'm not here to make easy listening, easy programmable music. ZL: No. You're so off the reservation on this album in the best possible way. Like you talked about, the way you use your voice in different ways, you don't rely on conventional rhyming flows. Your opening line, "Yeezus season approaching," you know? "A monster's awoken." You're laying it out there, this isn't My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy part 2. I'm wilding out on this record, straight away. (Plays interlude from "On Sight"). And then from nowhere as well, we just get treated to these wonderful moments where, like you say, it's almost like a collage. Like you're sitting here going, you know, why can't I go into this? Why not? KW: You can. ZL: And you did. KW: That's how life is. It's like a car crash. You could just be driving, and just out of nowhere it happens. ZL: At what point did that very deliberate feel to the record, whereby breaks come in and join this really discordant electronic moments and everything seems to exist in this very contradictory but it works kind of way, at what point did that start to take shape? Because it is very omnipresent through the record as a whole, the way it flips between one and the other. Was that in your head early on, or did that come towards the end when you started to reduce the record? KW: Well, I didn't reduce it. Rick Rubin reduced it. He's not a producer, he's a reducer. (Laughs). ZL: But was it always part of the process for you, to say, why don't I take elements of this and this and just (claps hands together) bolt it together? KW: Yeah. It's just the way I was consuming information in my life at the time. Negative information to positive information, from the Internet, just going to the Louvre, going to furniture exhibits and understanding that, trying to open up and do interviews like this, learning more about architecture. Taking one thousand meetings, attempting to get backing to do clothing and different things like that. Getting no headway whatsoever. It was just that level of frustration. This is what frustration fucking sounds like. This is what frustration sounds like. For me, as Kanye West, I would not be Kanye West if it wasn't for Michael Jackson. I was with Quincy Jones a couple days ago at John Legend's wedding. Quincy was telling me, it wasn't just Mike, but these guys broke down the barriers. Of course you know Michael Jackson, he had to fight to get his video played because he was black. This is Michael Jackson. Michael Jackson's not even black, he's Michael Jackson -- you know what I mean? He's so crazy, how can he even be classified as this black artist? So for me, in my life and creativity it's been challenging and everything. But I was able to ascend to massive heights because of the foundation that my mother and my father and my grandfather laid through civil rights, what Michael Jackson did with music videos and the ground he broke. There would be no Kanye West if it wasn't for Michael Jackson - that allowed him to be that, right? Now let's take people who have issues with me as Kanye West. They classify my motivational speeches as rants - like "Why is he saying that? Why is he doing that?" Well I've reached a point in my life where my Truman Show boat has hit the painting. And I've got to a point that Michael Jackson did not break down. I have reached the glass ceiling - as a creative person, as a celebrity. When I say that it means I want to do product. I am a product person. Not just clothing but water bottle design, architecture, everything that you could think about. And I've been at it for 10 years, and I look around and I say, "Hey wait a second - there's no one around here in this space that looks like me." And if they are, they're quiet as fuck! So that means - wait a second - now we're seriously in a Civil Rights movement. Like people used to joke about - remember our South Park photo - remember how funny that was? Do you think there would be a Givenchy in the hood if it wasn't for that South Park photo. But no one thinks about that - no one thinks about the names I got called for wearing tight jeans. ZL: You reference that in the record, you talk about that. "No one's liked him since he's been wearing tight jeans." Everybody knows you brought back real rap. I mean you reference that in the record. KW: I'm saying y'all had all that, but I brought real rap back. I'm going to do dope things. And I wanna take this opportunity to speak to something, because I go to Hypebeast sometimes to look at the new things that're coming out. And every time my name goes up, there's a series of people who write just negative comments - they wanna joke around and say, "Why is he still trying? Why is he doing this?" They like diss me as a person for trying. Now mind you, I've brought 10 years of product that has added to humanity. And now, what they don't realize when I say "Hey this is Pusha T, this is what it is" I have to remind Pusha T that he's Pusha T. Because the radio, if they're not playing a song of his that has an R&B hook on it or works at a certain level of trap tempo and plays in clubs, it's like we forget about that Clipse album that meant everything. And the reason why I relate it to design and what we do in design is saying that's the music that us as creatives that wanted to get into design - we looked at Clipse as the gods, and this is our soundtrack to creativity. And it's not a trap beat that comes in on that soundtrack to creativity. No knock to trap, cause I did "Can't Tell Me Nothing" - I like it. But it's been commercialized to the point where - and I'm not mentioning no names - but people used to use the term "R&B nigga" but then it was "rappers." But then rappers didn't wanna be no R&B nigga. Now the rappers is the new R&B niggas! The rapper's the new radio! Like where's the culture at? Where is the culture at? So then I scream - and I'm sitting in the middle of it - whether I'm at a dinner with Anna Wintour, or I'm at a listening session with Pusha, or me and Virgil are in Rome giving designs to Fendi over and over and gettin' our designs knocked down. Brought the leather jogging pants 6 years ago to Fendi, and they said no. How many motherfuckers you done seen with a leather jogging pant? Meaning when I see Hedi Slimane and it's all like, "OK this is my take on the world" - yeah he got some nice $5,000 jeans in there, some nice ones here and there, some good shit here and there. But we culture. Rap the new rock n' roll! We culture! Rap is the new rock n' roll! We the rock stars! ZL: It's been like that now for a minute. KW: It's been like that for a minute, Hedi Slimane! It's been like that for a minute. We the real rock stars, and I'm the biggest of all of 'em. I'm the number one rock star on the planet. CLICK HERE FOR PART 2